[MUSIC]
Let's talk a little bit about
the benefits to society that Internet
of Things can have.
And that's why we do these things,
right, presumably is to benefit society,
to help people.
So, we'll talk a little bit about that.
So, generally, these IoT devices,
the use of Internet of Things technology
makes life easier, that's the goal.
In lots of different ways
depending on the device, but
it's supposed to make life easier.
So for instance,
some lectures ago we talked about
an Internet refrigerator, right?
An Internet refrigerator
that was intelligent,
could order your food for you.
It takes care of things you don't
necessarily want to take care of, right?
It takes care of these details that you
would have had to spend time on, but
now you don't, right?
It says okay, you need this food,
I will order this food.
And I don't have to worry, necessarily,
about doing that ordering, right,
because I'm busy,
I have more important things to do.
So, it's supposed to make things easy for
you.
Are my accounts balanced?
Let's say I have my phone device,
I'm using it to do my banking,
right, and it balances my accounts.
It says oh, you owe this much,
I will simply transfer the money, right?
So that was a details where maybe I don't
want to deal with those details, right?
I want to do something fun with my life,
but I have to balance my accounts and
pay my bills.
But my device can deal with that for
me rather than me having to think about
it consciously all the time, right?
So, that's generally the goal
of IoT is to just enhance these
devices to make them better.
And the key thing,
key aspect of that is to make them
better without adding complexity.
So, you don't wanna have to, sure,
say I would like to have a refrigerator
that can order my food for me, right?
But I don't want to have to
write code to get it to do that.
I want it to be easy, almost as
easy as a regular refrigerator, but
still do these nice things for me.
So, you enhance the features
of some devices
to make them do things that
are very helpful to you.
But, you don't want to enhance the
features in such a way that it increases
complexity.
So the complexity is dealt with by
the computational infrastructure inside
the device.
IoT can also help you be
independent of people, right.
So you don't need to have as many people
as you used to have to do certain things.
So this is good and this is bad, right.
So, certain things that you
would have had humans deal with,
now your IoT device can deal with for you.
So, for instance,
fewer doctor visits, right.
If I had my health monitor on my wrist, I
don't have to necessarily go to the doctor
to have the doctor tell me oh,
your blood sugar level is fine, right?
Or, your heart rate is fine,
everything is going well.
My device can see that and report back to
me and say yes, everything is fine, and
I don't need to see the doctor as much.
Now, there's still always a need for
a doctor, but
maybe just when something
calamitous happens.
Maybe on a regular basis,
I don't need to see the doctor as much.
So, going to the super market.
I don't have to go the supermarket if my
fridge is buying my food for me, right?
And ordering it on Amazon Fresh,
or something like that.
I don't have to deal
with that nearly as much.
So I don't have to actually interact
with people as much as a I had to.
Now, interactions can be good.
But also, depending on people for
things can be burdensome.
So maybe if you have a bunch
of Internet of things,
IoT devices that are helping you, you can
depend a little bit less on people, and
take care of things independently.
And actually, this is very helpful for
people who are infirm, or
maybe you're older, you're infirm and
you don't wanna have to depend on people.
You wanna be able to live independently.
IoT devices can help you a lot.
So for instance, cars that are coming
online that drive themselves, right?
Ultimate IoT device,
drives you to where you wanna go.
That can be really helpful if
you're old enough where you can't,
maybe you lose your license cuz your
vision is bad, or something like this.
Your reaction time is slow.
If you have a car that can drive itself,
drive to wherever you wanna go,
that's a pretty big advantage, right?
So not having to depend on a person,
to hire a person to do that,
you can just have your IoT device do
that for, could be very helpful to you.
Also, IoT devices,
they got Internet right there in the term,
they connect into the network, so
you can actually connect to people.
So in some ways,
it can enhance your interaction
with people in a different form.
So maybe not in person interaction, but
you can talk to people on the network,
right.
Through any device that you
feel like using, right.
So you can have all sorts of
personal interactions, but
also professional interactions.
So you can do,
we get this a lot at work now.
Rather than going all
the way to a conference and
spending money to fly out there,
stay at a hotel.
We can have meetings online and
I don't have to move anywhere.
I can just use the camera in front of me.
I can use my phone, and
just do a conference right there, right.
So its a lot cheaper, and it's not
the same as in person interaction, but
it can save you a lot of
money in the long term.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]